# Information transfer mapping -- simulation results (based on mathematical model)

#### Takuya Ito (taku.ito1@gmail.com)
#### Citation: Ito T, Kulkarni KR, Schultz DH, Mill RD, Chen RH, Solomyak LI, Cole MW (2017). Cognitive task information is transferred between brain regions via resting-state network topology. bioRxiv. https://doi.org/10.1101/101782
#### Last update: 07/26/2017
#### Refer to methods and supplemental materials for full description of model

## Directory organization:
**Directory:** ItoEtAl2017_Simulations
* Contains 3 zip files, each containing simulation data (restFC matrices, activity flow predictions, task-activation betas)
* To be able to run the code demo (ItoEtAl2017_ComputationalModelGroupAnalysis.ipynb), it is necessary to unzip all 3 files.
* An alternative would be to to simulate one's own data, and then modify the tutorial notebook to load in data from the new simulations.

**File:** ItoEtAl2017_ComputationalModelTutorial.ipynb
* Contains an introductory tutorial to the formulation of the computational model used in the study
* Generates simple and illustrative figures of the simulation data

**File:** ItoEtAl2017_ComputationalModelGroupAnalysis.ipynb
* Contains code that performs group analysis on provided data (or self-generated data)
* Performs the predicted-to-actual similarity analysis steps in the information transfer mapping procedure
* Replicates several main figures in the manuscript
  * Fig. 4A, 4B, 4D.
  * All panels in Supplementary Fig. 3
* N.B. Running entire script with 10 parallel processes (on a large server) takes about 1-2 minutes. 
 
**Modules:** 
* **File: model.py** Contains primary functions for actually running the computational model (simulations)
  * Main method: model.subjectSimulationAndSaveToFile()
  * N.B. Running model.subjectSimulationAndSaveToFile() takes roughly 10-12 minutes per subject on a large server.
* **File: analysis.py** Contains primary functions for actually performing group analyses of simulation data.

**Directory:** figures/
* Contains figures for Supplementary Fig. 3. Figures are generated by running ItoEtAl2017_ComputationalModelGroupAnalysis.ipynb

**Directory:** htmls/
* Contains html files for each of the jupyter notebook files
